PORT-14552 - Docs for Github ocean integration (#2494)
port-labs/port-docs: docs/build-your-software-catalog/sync-data-to-catalog/git/github-ocean/examples/examples.md

import PackageAppConfig from './example-file-kind/\_package_json_app_config.mdx'
import FileBlueprint from './example-file-kind/\_example_file_blueprint.mdx'
import RepoFileAppConfig from './example-file-kind/\_file_repo_app_config.mdx'

# Resource mapping examples

## Map repositories and pull requests

In the following example you will ingest your GitHub repositories, their README.md file contents and open pull requests to Port, you may use the following Port blueprint definitions and `port-app-config.yml`:

<RepositoryBlueprint/>

<PRBlueprint/>

:::info repository type

The `repositoryType` parameter filters which repositories are ingested. It corresponds to the `type` parameter in GitHub's [List organization repositories](https://docs.github.com/en/rest/repos/repos?apiVersion=2022-11-28#list-organization-repositories) API.

<details>
<summary>Possible values:</summary>

*   `all` (default): All repositories accessible to the provided token.
*   `public`: Public repositories.
*   `private`: Private repositories.
*   `forks`: Only forked repositories.
*   `sources`: Only non-forked repositories.
</details>

> :::

Reviewer: please move this to be inside the appConfig collapsible, currently it is not very clear what it refers to.

Author: Ah, I get you now.  I moved it to the integration home page as part of the configuration documentation  can you check it out? I initially had it in the examples app config, it did not look very nice.

<PortAppConfig/>

:::tip learn more

> - We leverage [JQ JSON processor](https://stedolan.github.io/jq/manual/) to map and transform GitHub objects to Port Entities.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Port leverages the [JQ JSON processor](https://stedolan.github.io/jq/manual/) to map and transform GitHub objects to Port Entities.
```
